# LStrass27.github.io
Hi there my name is Luke. I am a Rising Senior Honors student at the University of Minnesota studying Data Science. As a member of the University Honors Program (UHP) I have had the opportunity to take more rigorous undergraduate courses and will get the chance to present an Honors Thesis before my graduation in May 2025. The thesis will be a overview of research I have done on a particular topic. I am still deciding on a topic to present upon, but it will likely be centered around solving a real-world problem with applicable data. In my free time I am an officer in the Sports Analytics Club and a member of the Statistics Club. As such, many of my individual projects in this directory are centered around the world of sports. Some of my other primary interests within data science are statistical modeling, optimization, and machine and deep learning. Some areas of interest I would like to explore and get more exposure to in the near future include but are not limited to Geospatial Data Analysis, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Data Mining, and User Interface Design. Note that I've included as many of my individual projects as I have access to. The quality of some of my earlier projects may not be great, but I'm including them in this repository as a measure to show how much I've improved in my abilities since I started learning to code in Fall 2022.

## Tech Stack
**Languages:** C, Java, Julia, Python, R, SQL
**Libraries:** BaseballR, Glmnet , Matplotlib, Numpy, Pandas, SciKit-Learn
**Tools:** Microsoft Excel, Github, PostgreSQL, RStudio, VS Code